 Snapdeal is an Indian e-commerce company based in New Delhi, India. 
The company was started by Kunal Bahl and Rohit Bansal in February 2010. 
 As of 2014 Snapdeal had 300,000 sellers, over 30 million products across 800+ diverse categories from over 125,000 regional, 
national, and international brands and retailers and a reach of 6,000 towns and cities across the country

BUT........

Snapdeal tried to be over-smart and this costed them dearly. 
Right from the beginning they never aimed to be the market leader. 
They thought that India market is big enough for 3–4 players and they could easily be the 2nd best after Amazon and Flipkart have killed each other.
Their strategy was that of Godrej. 
Godrej has a funny business model where they do not like to be the leaders in any segment but aim to be in the top 3 of that segment.
Snapdeal on same lines wanted to be in top 3. 
They knew that both Flipkart and Amazon would spend all their money and energy on getting the digital revolution, 
on educating the customer, 
on fighting with government and each other to bring best in market practices and Snapdeal will silently copy them without doing the noise.
While it worked to some extent, it eventually led to their demise. They did not anticipate the change.
For a company to break even (and eventually make profit) the sales/revenue need to exceed the expense.
Snapdeal did take a bold move of (stupidly) acquiring Freecharge for whopping $400 million but did a pathetic job of integrating it.
They could have overnight become another PayTM and could have got all the potential benefits PayTM is enjoying but they didn't.

No sir, it doesn't work that way. To use Freecharge wallet via Snapdeal, one needs to be trained to do so. 
And training can be done only by giving massive and repeated discounts not by Aamir Khan ads.
And now with no cash in bank and low revenues, Snapdeal is at a point where they either die a brand or live long enough to be acquired.

No Unique Identity
Snapdeal was just doing exactly what Amazon India and Flipkart was doing. 
While Flipkart was focusing on electronics and fashion and Amazon was focusing on Prime, 
Pantry and improving its logistics while keeping customer service in mind, Snapdeal had no Unique Selling Proposition.

Overstaffing - Snapdeal was bursting at its seams with employees, 
and only in February of 2017 did they layoff 600 people, admitting they had got it wrong all along. 
I’ve regularly seen reports of them being the top recruiters at the top engineering and management institutes 
paying exorbitant salaries and wondered to myself that what do they do with all these people. 

The solutions which i provide for their company to regain their strength in market and be one of the giants are as  follows:-









1-Chat window with friends as well as experts through which one can have better perspective over the product such as faishon designers an overall picture
can be enhanced making the customers homely and life offline shopping

2-things according to your exact needs and sizes customized really for yours
3-rent things out
4-link with a mobile wallet
5-better pictures with products and UI
6-something like amazon prime





