SUMMARY
This is an agreement between parties which consist of contractors ,subcontactors,and clients,
where a specific service is being rendered within a period of time.
clients will have a wide spectrum of unique needs and wants, 
and the problems and challenges you face will be every bit as varied. 
It’s important to know how to write a solid, legally-binding agreement that will clearly explain, 
define what needs to be done, and every bit of minutiae related to the job. 
Clients may have differing expectations than you do about what they want done, 
how much they want to pay, when they want it done, and so on.


This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with regard to the subject matter hereof, 
and no other agreement, statement, promise, or practice between the parties relating to the subject matters
shall be binding upon the parties.  
All prior and contemporaneous agreements, whether written or oral, are merged herein.  
This Agreement may be amended only by a writing signed by both parties. 

IMP POINTS
The main member is the subcontractor 
 its has many roles

1- Subcontractor shall obtain and maintain, during the term of this Agreement, 
comprehensive general liability insurance underwritten by a company satisfactory to SDG, 
with coverage of at least $1,000,000 combined single limit.  Said coverage is to be endorsed to include contractual liability, 
and broad form property damage. 
2-All certificates of insurance must show that Subcontractor’s insurance company or companies will give sixty (60) days written
 notice to SDG before altering or canceling any insurance required under this Agreement. 
3-Subcontractor hereby undertakes and agrees to indemnify, save, defend and hold SDG, its directors, 
officers, employees, agents or affiliates (the “Indemnified Parties”) harmless from and against any and all claims, 
demands, causes of action, loss, expense, fines, penalties, judgments or costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorney’s fees, 
court costs and other costs and expenses) of every kind and character whatsoever, whether or not foreseeable, 
and whether known or unknown, which the Indemnified Parties may incur, suffer or become liable for, 
or which may be asserted or claimed against the Indemnified Parties arising out of, or resulting from.
4-Any violation claimed by employees of Subcontractor relating to the Americans With Disabilities Act, 
the Age Discrimination in Employment Act,  
the Family and Medical Leave Act, the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Georgia Human Rights Act, 
or any other law, whether common law or statutory, relating to the employment relationship. 
 
 
 


 


